Cli 1.6 docs follow-up (#1289)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/astro-deployment-worker-queue-create.md

---
sidebar_label: "astro deployment worker-queue create"
title: "astro deployment worker-queue create"
id: astro-deployment-worker-queue-create
description: Reference documentation for astro deployment worker-queue create.
---

> Create a [worker queue](configure-deployment-resources.md#worker-queues).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a [worker queue](configure-deployment-resources.md#worker-queues on) for a Deployment on Astro. This command is functionally identical to creating a worker queue in the Cloud UI.
```

> Create a [worker queue](../configure-deployment-resources.md#worker-queues).

Author: ```suggestion
Create a [worker queue](configure-deployment-resources.md#worker-queues).
```

## Usage

```sh
astro deployment worker-queue create
```

## Options

| Option                         | Description                                                                            | Possible Values                                                                |
| ------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `--concurrency`           |     The maximum number of tasks that each worker can run                          | Any integer from 1 to 64 |
| `-d`,`--deployment-id`           |      The ID of the Deployment where you want to create the worker queue                           | Any valid Deployment ID |
| `--deployment-name` | The name of the Deployment where you want to create the worker queue. Use as an alternative to `<deployment-id>` | Any valid Deployment name                                            |

> | `-f` `--force` | Skip prompting the user to confirm the update | `` |

Reviewer: Does this force flag actually exist on create?

| `--max-count`                  |        The maximum worker count of the worker queue                                                          | Any integer from 0 to 30       |
| `--min-count`                  |        The minimum worker count of the worker queue                                                          | Any integer from 0 to 30       |
| `-n`,`--name`    | The name of the worker queue     |Any string |

> | `-t`,`--worker-type`          | The worker type of the worker queue          | Any worker type enabled on the Deployment |

Reviewer: Let's shuffle up the order here to make more sense?

- Deployment-name
- Deployment-id
- worker queue name
- minimum worker count before maximum worker count
- and then anything else

Try to keep it parallel to Cloud UI order

Author: I'd prefer for reference docs to be parallel to the help command in the CLI, which means we'd keep them in alphabetical order. Because these are CLI docs first, we should organize them with the CLI in mind vs the feature they're related to.

> | `-t`,`--worker-type`          | The worker type of the worker queue          | Any worker type enabled on the Deployment |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-t`,`--worker-type`          | The worker type of the worker queue          | Any worker type as long as the worker type is enabled for the cluster in which the Deployment exists. For example, `m6i.2xlarge` or `c6i.4xlarge` |
```

Author: I don't think we need rich examples in this section because of the following "Examples" section.

> ## Examples 

Reviewer: Did we want to add `Related Commands` section here? I'd add:

- astro deployment worker-queue delete
- astro deployment worker-queue update
- astro deployment update

```sh
astro deployment worker-queue create --deployment-id cl03oiq7d80402nwn7fsl3dmv

> # Creates a new worker queue in a Deployment, CLI prompts you for all configuration information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Creates a new worker queue for a Deployment with ID `cl03oiq7d80402nwn7fsl3dmv`. The Astro CLI prompts you for configuration information.
```

astro deployment worker-queue create --concurrency 20 --max-count 10 --min-count 2 --name "My worker queue" --worker-type "m5d.8xlarge"

> # Creates a new worker queue in a Deployment, CLI prompts you for Deployment information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Creates a new worker queue with specified configurations. The. Astro CLI prompts you for Deployment information.
```
